Remove timing "ondemand" (#1375)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1375.md

> - Removes configuration option timingi from mapping, because API function mapWriteDataFrom and mapReadDataTo were removed and there is no use-case anymore. See #1364.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed configuration option `timing` from mapping, because after removing the API functions `mapWriteDataFrom` and `mapReadDataTo`, there is no use case anymore.
```
PRs are added automatically.

Author: Nice. Did not know this :)
